very good and welcome to minecraft
15w 33c and as you are seeing I have a
fixed diamond shield what else thing
cool in this case I have to say that
I'm doing a bit of cheating worth not
is nothing that has been added in the
Last snapshot may be something that is
do in the future but possibly not
because at the moment because we have the
normal shields of govern are all
edited because what I'm using is
a surf pack that changes the model of the
shield is worth as you are seeing this is
a diamond shield that was proposed
do a lot of time in minecraft
good what was proposed in reddit for
that we have it in mind of
At the moment, it seems that for now,
have taken into account but good is a
idea that a user is very cool
it has turned it into a playable shield
as long as we have the result
put in and at the same time we also have to
see out there in the packages of
resources I have a lot of variants
OK
we have the enders and the one that I will go
putting in here good as you see the one in
gold the iron here we have the
leather obsidian leather slide
stone and the wooden
Well, you can see a few
all not but good for you to see in
this case the only thing that I see bad to
this series of surf back is that they can not
be all together and we can not have a
shield of each color for example with a
different texture that would be ideal not
would be what to me for example
would like more unless in the future
so say hey look let's do the
wooden shield in the iron bucket the
golden leku diamond shield and so on
in the case in that case yes they could
get to put these variants in each
one of those shields not however however
good here we have the one of as it is called
the one in can be good no matter it
we have here this after we have for
another example that I liked a lot
is this the leather one that was very very
cool ficas stress how beautiful the round
and he's pretty handsome is that this is me
strange that I did not want to put
moment in minecraft because it has
It would be great it would be very cool
then still I still do not lose the
Hope I hope that in the future
It can also be done after it hears
you could also get to paint the
the horn would also be very cool
we also have the stone that has
liked also a lot and that I
love
at the same time also that the wooden one and that
it is also seen as with the cracks of
foot is very cool is very cool is
very handsome then we have is over here
also that it is also very cool that
it could also be red
according to the wood with which I am and
but for now as I say it is
only one idea only one concept
is something that can be done with the
surf pac but with nothing else but good
guys this has been the video remember
that I'm going to leave the download link
in the description you only have to
unzip all the tips that are
inside the main chip inside the
folder turns out that inside minecraft
and with this you can go here to
options to resource pack and load
in the shield that you want is worth
the one you like the most because you can load it
in this way so if you know but
I've been a lot
so now the equipment is new
the next video and see you later
Y
ah